[WIP] adds GL JS pricing info (#485)
mapbox/mapbox-gl-js-docs: docs/pages/api/index.md

Including it with a `<link>` in the head of the document via the Mapbox CDN is the simplest and easiest way to provide the CSS, but it is also bundled in the Mapbox module, meaning that if you have a bundler that can handle CSS, you can import the CSS from `mapbox-gl/dist/mapbox-gl.css`.

Note too that if the CSS isn't available by the first render, as soon as the CSS is provided, the DOM elements that depend on this CSS should recover.

## Pricing

> Pricing for GL JS can be measured by Map Loads for Web, [Map Seats for Web](/gl-js-seats/#pricing), or [API requests](/accounts/guides/pricing/#mapboxjs-or-leaflet). This pricing section only applies to the latest versions of GL JS. 

Author: This link does not exist yet. PR here: https://github.com/mapbox/gl-js-seats/pull/105

cc @HeyStenson

Author: merged now!

> Pricing for GL JS can be measured by Map Loads for Web, [Map Seats for Web](/gl-js-seats/#pricing), or [API requests](/accounts/guides/pricing/#mapboxjs-or-leaflet). This pricing section only applies to the latest versions of GL JS.
> 
> {{
> <PricingProductOverview
>   unit="Map Loads for Web"
>   lineItems="map load"
>   pricingSection="Sessions & user pricing"
>   pricingSectionLink="#maploads"
> />
> }}

Reviewer: I think for clarity's sake, it might be best to reword and reorder this since this section only applies to recent versions of Mapbox GL JS. Maybe something like: 

```suggestion
{{
<PricingProductOverview
  unit="Map Loads for Web"
  lineItems="map load"
  pricingSection="Sessions & user prices"
  pricingSectionLink="#maploads"
/>
}}

Pricing for Mapbox GL JS v1.0.0 and higher is measured by **Map Loads for Web**. For information on how older versions of Mapbox GL JS are priced, see our [pricing documentation for Mapbox GL JS <v1.0.0](https://docs.mapbox.com/accounts/guides/pricing/#mapbox-gl-js--v100).
```

{{<Note title="Mapbox GL JS v1.x.x compared to v2.x.x">}}
The action that triggers a map load changed in Mapbox GL JS v2.0.0:

- **Mapbox GL JS v2.x.x**: A map load occurs whenever a Mapbox GL JS [`Map`](https://docs.mapbox.com/mapbox-gl-js/api/#map) object is initialized on a webpage.
- **Mapbox GL JS v1.x.x**: A map load occurs whenever a Mapbox GL JS [`Map`](https://docs.mapbox.com/mapbox-gl-js/api/#map) object is initialized on a webpage _and_ you request a Mapbox-hosted map tile.

Before updating an existing implementation from v1.x.x to v2.x.x, review this pricing documentation to estimate expected costs.
{{</Note>}}

> Web maps using [Mapbox GL JS](https://docs.mapbox.com/mapbox-gl-js/) v1.0.0 and higher are billed by **map loads**. Beginning with Mapbox GL JS v2.0.0, a map load occurs whenever a Mapbox GL JS [`Map`](https://docs.mapbox.com/mapbox-gl-js/api/#map) object is initialized. Measuring usage by map loads means that users interacting with your web map can toggle layers from non-composited sources on and off, zoom and pan around the map, and toggle between styles without affecting your usage. You can also add non-composited vector or raster sources to your map at runtime without incurring additional charges. The maximum session length for a map load is 12 hours. If a user has the same map open after 12 hours, Mapbox will count that as a new map load session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web maps using Mapbox GL JS v1.0.0 and higher are billed by **Map Loads for Web**. Beginning with Mapbox GL JS v2.0.0, a map load occurs whenever a Mapbox GL JS [`Map`](https://docs.mapbox.com/mapbox-gl-js/api/#map) object is initialized. Measuring usage by map loads means that users interacting with your web map can toggle layers from non-composited sources on and off, zoom and pan around the map, and toggle between styles without affecting your usage. You can also add non-composited vector or raster sources to your map at runtime without incurring additional charges. The maximum session length for a map load is 12 hours. If a user has the same map open after 12 hours, Mapbox will count that as a new map load session.
```

Reviewer 2: > Beginning with Mapbox GL JS v2.0.0, a map load occurs whenever a Mapbox GL JS [`Map`](https://docs.mapbox.com/mapbox-gl-js/api/#map) object is initialized.

This is true for v1 as well. The Pricing and docs should be reflective of the current version and point to other documentation for previous versions where appropriate. 

```suggestion
Web maps using [Mapbox GL JS](https://docs.mapbox.com/mapbox-gl-js/) are billed by **map loads**. A map load occurs whenever a [`Map`](https://docs.mapbox.com/mapbox-gl-js/api/#map) object is initialized. A map load includes unlimited vector, raster, and terrain tile requests, so the amount of use interaction with a map does not impact the price. The maximum session length for a map load is 12 hours. If a user has the same map open after 12 hours, Mapbox will count that as a new map load session.
```
